README.md, before:

# GNOME Shell Extension Alt+Tab Scroll Workaround

> Quick fix to the bug where scrolling in one application is repeated in another when switching between them using `Alt+Tab` (e.g., VS Code and Chrome)

As an example, after scrolling VS Code and switching to Chrome using `Alt+Tab`, `Super+Tab`, `Alt+Esc`, or overview (hot corner or `Super`) + mouse click, the VS Code scroll would be repeated in Chrome. Installing the extension should avoid this.

**GNOME 45+ supported!**

This bug is described in several open issues:
- https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/28795 ([most commented VS Code bug!](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Acomments-desc+label%3Abug))
- https://github.com/pop-os/pop/issues/2331
- https://github.com/atom/atom/issues/15482
- GitLab: [GNOME/mutter#401](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/mutter/-/issues/401)
- Chromium: [chromium#608246](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=608246)
- Chromium: [chromium#807187](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=807187)

## Usage

### Installation from GNOME Extensions

The extension can be found at the GNOME Extensions website: [Alt+Tab Scroll Workaround](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/5282/alttab-scroll-workaround/). Just open the page, turn the extension on, and you're ready to go.

### Installation from GitHub

If, instead, you prefer to install it from this repository, follow the next steps.

Clone and enter the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/lucasresck/gnome-shell-extension-alt-tab-scroll-workaround.git
cd gnome-shell-extension-alt-tab-scroll-workaround
```

Install the extension:
```
make install
```

Restart the GNOME Shell:

- Press `Alt+F2`;
- Type `r` and press `Enter`.

> At this point, the extension should be enabled. If not:
> ```
> make enable
> ```
> GNOME may also crashes if there are opened windows.
> If not sure, close the open windows before restarting the GNOME Shell.

## License
GPLv3

Commit message:

Update README.md with Gnome versions compatibility

README.md, after:

# GNOME Shell Extension Alt+Tab Scroll Workaround

> Quick fix to the bug where scrolling in one application is repeated in another when switching between them using `Alt+Tab` (e.g., VS Code and Chrome)

As an example, after scrolling VS Code and switching to Chrome using `Alt+Tab`, `Super+Tab`, `Alt+Esc`, or overview (hot corner or `Super`) + mouse click, the VS Code scroll would be repeated in Chrome. Installing the extension should avoid this.

**GNOME 45+ supported!**

This bug is described in several open issues:
- https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/28795 ([most commented VS Code bug!](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Acomments-desc+label%3Abug))
- https://github.com/pop-os/pop/issues/2331
- https://github.com/atom/atom/issues/15482
- GitLab: [GNOME/mutter#401](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/mutter/-/issues/401)
- Chromium: [chromium#608246](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=608246)
- Chromium: [chromium#807187](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=807187)

## Usage

### Installation from GNOME Extensions

The extension can be found at the GNOME Extensions website: [Alt+Tab Scroll Workaround](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/5282/alttab-scroll-workaround/). Just open the page, turn the extension on, and you're ready to go.

### Installation from GitHub

If, instead, you prefer to install it from this repository, follow the next steps.

#### Clone and enter the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/lucasresck/gnome-shell-extension-alt-tab-scroll-workaround.git
cd gnome-shell-extension-alt-tab-scroll-workaround
```

#### Check your Gnome version and choose extension version accordingly:

Use ```gnome-shell --version``` to get your gnome version.

|Gnome version  |Extension version|
|-|-|
|42|v4|
|43|v4|
|44|v4|
|45|v8|
|46|v8|
|47|v8|

So if you run an older version of Gnome do:
```
git checkout tags/v4
```

#### Install the extension:
```
make install
```

#### Restart the GNOME Shell:

- Press `Alt+F2`;
- Type `r` and press `Enter`.

> At this point, the extension should be enabled. If not:
> ```
> make enable
> ```
> GNOME may also crashes if there are opened windows.
> If not sure, close the open windows before restarting the GNOME Shell.

## License
GPLv3
